Hola fellas!!

Do you ever feel to end up your life? Then Please go ahead and read it.

This is not a story but tragedy of a real Hero . So it begins like this - A very young and pretty girl who looks as if she hasn't even introduced to what sadness and depression is, she always looks so joyful and lively that even a lifeless can get a life seeing her. But deep inside she has an 'untold story'. She is the second youngest daughter of a family followed by her is a boy and as all know in our "India" no matter how clever/good a girl is she will be always considered as a liability but the life of that girl was still more miserable  than the rest of the girls in India. Her mother's own daughter was tortured by her mother just because she is a girl. Come on,  people you are a women and how can you just torture your part when she is also a woman. Now she's a 18 year old brave women who has swallowed everything by her family. She wakes up early in the morning by 5:00 cooks for everyone does all the household works, go to office. Sorry! forgot to say, yeah she is working to help her family. From 9:00 am to 5:00 pm she's working and from 17:00 to 21:00 college. She's a brave girl who don't want to give up on her education though she has all the obstacles .
        And her mom's sweet words before she leave home to office is don't be a slut and roam around with guys , i wish u die getting into some wheels and don't show up this evening, why were you born etc etc.
         Hard to believe right, but hell yeah these are the exact words which her so called mom says her. She broke down one day and decided to leave home for ever, she packed her bag and some 600 bucks out of her pocket money. So, finally she was trying to spread her wings but very soon on that evening she realized that is she did run away it'll bring a bad name to her family.
        Woah! that's a typical Indian girl. I don't know wtf is wrong with people why always a woman is asked for a sacrifice, the women has landed on the moon but still she's not allowed to go out for the school. A middle finger to all the people who thinks like this. 
        So, she returned back with some sparkle in her eyes and a bit expectations in her heart but as she returned no one even bothered that she was missing instead there faces frowned seeing her faces frowned. And again a daughter lost faith in God and humanity. But some where buried deep down that one day will come when she will spread her wings to ultimate and fly around .

"I cry by night, laugh by day,
doesn't mean i'll forget yesterday.
My day will come when i'll shine so high,
looking at which you will think why didn't I."
                                                                  - DreamBoat

            